## Show content in a website or frontend application

DocumentHub is a modern CMS which keeps the content in GitHub repositories in a human readable format. You can manage the content in the GitHub UI or you can clone the repository and edit the content with any editor.


### Show content using DocumentHub Web Components

The quickest way to show the content in a web page is by using the DocumentHub Web Components.


#### Search Page Component

Create a new .html file on your desktop, open it with any text editor and add the following code. Save it and open it in any browser. The Search Page component will show a full search page with all the necesarry functionalities included: search bar, filters, filters counters, sort and pagination.
You can include it in any web page and you can customize the look and feel.

```
<script 
    type="module" 
    src='https://unpkg.com/documenthub-components@latest/dist/documenthub-components/documenthub-components.esm.js'>
</script>

<documenthub-searchpage
    catalogid="FTxRp9KK"
    header=""
    template=""
    columns=""
    documenthref=""
    token=""
/>
```


#### Article Component

Create a new .html file on your desktop, open it with any text editor and add the following code. Save it and open it in any browser. The Article component will show the content in an article format. You can include it in any web page and you can customize the look and feel.

```
<script 
    type="module" 
    src='https://unpkg.com/documenthub-components@latest/dist/documenthub-components/documenthub-components.esm.js'>
</script>

<documenthub-article
    catalogid="demo"
    documentid="demo"
    language=""
    headings="false"
    toc="true"
    token=""
/>
```


#### Document Component

Create a new .html file on your desktop, open it with any text editor and add the following code. Save it and open it in any browser. The Article component will show the content in a document format, with table of contents on the left side. You can include it in any web page and you can customize the look and feel.

```
<script 
    type="module" 
    src='https://unpkg.com/documenthub-components@latest/dist/documenthub-components/documenthub-components.esm.js'>
</script>

<documenthub-document
    catalogid="IcCVI6RO"
    documentid="documentation"
    language="en"
    headings="false"
    toc="true"
    token=""
/>
```

See more web components in the **Web Components section**.


### Show content using DocumentHub JavaScript package

...


### Show content using DocumentHub API

...

